problem solving -->
1. *if it's in your code, look how it works* IF NOT, FIND AN EXAMPLE ONLINE
2. *Investigate all the code in the problem* (breaking down each, each, each step. but don't go so deep to library level,
 that's when usually some nerd did that and posted online)
3. *by investigating, now I have a better idea of what to look on the internet for* 


error --> data is weird -> 
                            1. Tried modifying the weird data so the client side was good -> didn't work
                            2. Kept trying to modify data that was weird.
                            3. Why did you think modifying the data would magically cause the data to appear there?
                            4. Bc I didn't understand why the data showed '[object Object]'
                            5. But then I did look up what this weird data was
                            6. They said bc it wasn't a string
                            7. SO the data did print properly when stringfied. But it was the wrong data.
                            8. So my brain was like if it wasn't stringfied then the data was the wrong format.
                            9. *Took from internet and misunderstood.*



Example of working through problems quickly.
1. First deatil the problem in english 

Ex. Problem: Trying to find the max value of a certain property of a array of SON Objects.

2. What are different solutions (the one that's quickest and something that you know is certain is best)
Ex. Certain Solution of something you've done in the past in finding the max value of something?
    Solution: Math.max finds the max value of an array (when array is combined with spread operator.)

3. Does this solution work right out of the box? If not, why?
Ex. What were trying to do is find the max value of a JSON Object, not an array.

4. Condense the problem for why the solution from step 2 doesn't work into a succinct problem.
Ex. The JSON object is not an array.

5. What are different solutions (the one that's quickest and something that you know is certain is best)
Ex. Take a certain property and push that into a different array.

6. So if you combine, step 5 with step 2, does this solve your initial problem?
Ex. Yes.

7. Test the assumption in 6. If it does not work, find the new problem, or mistake in the solution proposed earlier and revise.


--- Proposed solution ---
Use Math.max on an array of the certain property you need from the JSON Object converted to an array.
This is a bit confusing -- let's break it down into easy steps 
1. Take the JSON Object and push all of a certain property into an array.
2. Use Math.max w/ the spread operator on that array.

8. Did it work? If so, what was the solution? 
Ex. Yes.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
New Problem ----
1. First deatil the problem in english 
Ex. Problem: I have an array of JSON Objects and i want to find the 
key that has a higher value than all of the others and find the other key in that JSON Object.

I need to get the (other property)? that is associated with the value that you get when you push
a property from a JSON object in a sepearte array.

2. What are different solutions (the one that's quickest and something that you know is certain is best)
Ex. Certain Solution of something you've done in the past in finding another key in a JSON Object?
    Solution: use an if statement to check whether the array index of that certain property is equal to the
    maximum value that was derived in the first problem.

3. Does this solution work right out of the box? If not, why?
Ex. Yes.

4. What are different solutions (the one that's quickest and something that you know is certain is best)
Ex. Look to 2.

--- Proposed solution ---
use an if statement to check whether the array index of that certain property is equal to the
maximum value that was derived in the first problem.